## Overview
In this project localization using aruco markers has been implemeted. Firstly, a binary grid occupancy map of the arena is created using the hector SLAM algorithm. Aruco markers are already present in the arena and are mapped in real-time with hector_slam on the same map. Camera pose(6-DOF) from these aruco markers are then used for localization and path-planning. The amcl package of navigation_stack uses the camera pose generated by laser scanner to generate the transform between /map and /odom. Instead of this camera pose, camera pose from aruco markers is used to generate the above transform.

The demonstration is divided into two stages. Both stage 1 and 2 have been implemented in the form of Gazebo Simulation and real-life implementation on the actual lizi bot. 
Stage1 : Mapping using hector_slam with realtime insertion of aruco markers in the map.
Stage2 : The above map is loaded. Path-planning and localization has been done with using aruco markers and odometry. Aruco_markers estimate pose which is used to correct the drift in odometry calculation.

## System Specifications
* ros-indigo
* ubuntu 14.04
* lizi robot

## Packages used and modified
* Hector_slam 
* Robotican (old package for lizi. No more available on their website)
* aruco_mapping - https://github.com/Aakriti05/aruco_mapping 

## New Packages
* aruco_tf_lizi
### Features: 
* aruco_turtle_sim
### Features: 
* lizi_mapping
### Features: 

## STAGE 1 Commands for real-life mapping
`roslaunch lizi_mapping hector.launch`

## STAGE 2 Commands for Gazebo Simulation
`roslaunch aruco_mapping aruco_mapping.launch`
`roslaunch aruco_turtle_sim nav_turtle.launch`
`rosrun aruco_tf_lizi read_bag`   (check)
`rosrun aruco_tf_lizi view_bag`   (check)



